# Analysis-Of-Datasets
All the work will be related to analysis on all kind of data sets available.
In this the first data set I took is related to sales of
certain company of a particular year. So in this the first chart
is related to sales done by the representative of the company 
along with their respective revenue.
The next one shows the top 5 customers in all the region. 
Next chart is related to sales by region which gives the revenue generated by a particular region in form of a bar chart.
The next sheet in the project is related to sales trend in the
form of line chart of every month.
The next two sheets gives the insight of sales in terms of 
amount spend and the revenue percentage generated by per item.
In pivot table there is a drag and drop feature which allows 
us to drag any particular field to the given areas which are
Filters, Columns, Rows and Values. So whichever column you want 
to analyze with respect to other fields just you need to drag that
particular column to it and then make a pivot chart related 
to it by clicking on Analyze tab on the Excel. To take out 
the average, sum or percentage you can click on the particular
field and go to Value Field Setting and set calculation you want to 
perform. Then the final thing is the dashboard in which I placed 
all the charts along with the Slicer which is given on the 
INSERT tab of Excel and selected Region and Salesperson as the 
the Slicer and now from there you can hover throughout the dataset
by using the Slicer.
